ROX-24429: integrate exposure analysis into roxctl (#12808)
stackrox/stackrox: roxctl/netpol/connectivity/map/exposure_analysis.md

# Exposure analysis

The goal of exposure analysis, is to provide additional information of potential permitted connectivity to the output of `roxctl netpol connectivity map` command.

> The report can give hints to where network policies may be tightened, or help validate that no unexpected exposure is present due to policies misconfiguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The report contains hints to where network policies may be tightened, or help validate that no unexpected exposure is present due to policies misconfiguration.
```

> Exposure-analysis is supported with `txt, md, csv, json, dot` output formats 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exposure-analysis is supported with `txt, md, csv, json, dot` output formats.
```

    - `connnectivity-attributes` the potentially permitted ingress connection from src to dst.
3. `Workloads not protected by network policies`: lists input workloads which are not selected by any input network-policy that affects the mentioned direction, and thus exposed widely.\
Note that those workloads appear also in the exposure section of that direction within two exposure lines; since an unprotected workload is exposed to whole world, i.e: all external addresses `0.0.0.0-255.255.255.255` and `entire-cluster`.

### Visual Output Example:

The following graph is produced from the output of `$ roxctl netpol connectivity map --exposure tests/roxctl/bats-tests/test-data/np-guard/exposure-example -o dot`:

![graph](exposure-graph-example.svg)

#### Understanding the graph

- `gold` edges are edges produced by the original connectivity map report
- `blue` nodes and labels represent input workloads.
- `black` frames and labels represent namespaces of input manifests
- `red` nodes and labels are used to represent: - representative entities which are matched by policy rules, but do not exist in the input manifests\

>                                                 - external IP addresses

Reviewer: Why there are so many spaces at the beginning of this line? Could you check what happened here?
